Simplify the quickstart steps (#2953)
pipe-cd/pipe: docs/content/en/docs-dev/quickstart/_index.md

  --set secret.pipedKey.data={YOUR_PIPED_SECRET_KEY}
```

### 4. Registering a kubernetes application

> Navigate to the `Application` page, click on the `Add` button on the top left corner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to the `Applications` page, click on the `Add` button on the top left corner.
```

Go to the `ADD FROM GIT` tab, then select:
- Piped: `dev` (you just registered)
- CloudProvider: `kubernetes-default`

You should see a lot of suggested applications.

> Select the `canary` application and click the `ADD`button to register.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the `canary` application and click the `ADD` button to register.
```

> You should see a lot of application suggestions.
> 
> Click the `canary` row. Make sure Kind is set to KUBENETES, and then click the ADD button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should see a lot of suggested applications.

Select the `canary` application and click the `ADD`button to register.
```

Author: There are lots of apps named canary. I thought the screenshot isn't enough, that's why I added this explanation but do you think it's redundant?

Reviewer: By line 73, the user already selected `kubernetes-default` provider so I guess there is only one `canary` application that will be shown, isn't that?

Author: You're right 👍
